---
layout: post
brand: "LKD"
category: "Food"
title: "La Kheer Deli"
subtitle: "Pune based Siblings give a twist to the traditional kheer"
date: 2021-01-25 10:55:13 +0530
background: '/img/posts/LKD-back.jpg'
---

The first and the biggest challenge that Shivika and I faced was to convince Mom to quit her well-paying job, and make her believe that she could be an entrepreneur at the age of 50! After all, she was the chef that we’d envisioned for our lip-smacking kheer. If not for her, we would’ve been serving just empty cups with fancy branding. Initially, she had apprehensions about whether people would be willing to pay a premium for something as simple as kheer which is made in every household. Nevertheless, Moms are loving creatures who can go to any extent to support their children’s aspirations. Soon enough, she gave in but on one little condition that she wouldn’t quit her job until the business did well.

Our next milestone was to find a way to serve and vend our kheer with minimum investment, as we‘d only operate on weekends. Given the huge costs of Food Trucks, getting a Haath Gadi aka Handcart seemed like the most feasible option. So we put a Handcart in place and geared up to become hawkers aka thela-wala, despite opposition from Papa. His exact words were, “Bas ab yahi din dekhne baaki the, itna padh likh ke haath gaadi wale ban ne chale, humare family mein aaj tak kisine yeh nahi kiya hai” and my reaction to that was, “Exactly Papa, aaj tak kisine nahi kiya! *Mic Drop*”. Eventually, he gave in to our vision and has been a huge support ever since.

I had told my mom even if we sell 100 cups over three days every weekend, we are good to go and her reply was, “Do you really think people are going to eat this?”, Little did she know she was brewing GOLD. We’ve gotten an overwhelming response ever since. A customer once carried 20 cups of kheer back to Dubai and once, a French woman, after tasting our Kheer, offered us to start a franchise in Paris!”
 
La kheer deli believes in “Eat Kheer | Plant Trees | Repeat” and provide seeds with every cup of Kheer for a greener earth. Today, LKD has over 80 franchise offers from various cities across India and they are ready to run and fly!
